DONE From Nick Law. Improve section on follow-up observations to include some of the non-funded, non-KFOP observations.

I do have a request/correction: in the introduction, you mention "the Kepler mission benefited from an active, funded, follow-up observing program”, and say "The followup program obtained high-resolution imaging of ≈90% of known KOIs”, and then cite only Furlan et al. 2017. This isn’t quite correct — in fact, more than 2,000 of the KOIs have *only* been observed by our Robo-AO follow-up program, which was separately funded by NASA under the XRP program (no Kepler/KFOP funding was offered). This is confirmed in Furlan et al. (e.g. "of the 3665 stars that host at least one KOI planet candidate or confirmed planet, Robo-AO observed 3093”).

Our grad students would be very grateful if you’d be willing to cite the Robo-AO papers that describe this work (listed below). If you’d like to also list the various other teams that also performed follow-up work separately from KFOP but were compiled by Furlan et al., we’d be happy to provide bibtex cites for them (Adam Kraus’s Keck aperture-masking program, for example, has covered more than 500 of the KOIs).

The Robo-AO papers are:

http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2017AJ....153...66Z
http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2016AJ....152...18B
http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2014ApJ...791...35L

--- I referenced these papers.

-------
Eric Mamajeck

DONE 1)Sec 7.5.1, par. 1: "reliablilty" => reliability
 
DONE 2) Sec 7.5.1, par. 1, end: "Kepler was not designed to reach the
habitable zones of F-type stars, nor did the target list include many
such stars."  The first half is OK, but the 2nd half seems odd.
The Mathur et al. 2017 stellar catalog contains 197k stars, and
approximately 65k of these have Teff between ~6000K and ~7200K, that
are likely to be F-stars (i.e. about a third are F stars!).
Or by "F-type stars", do you mean "F-type dwarf stars" in particular?

 -- Eric is correct. Even if you only consider the dwarf stars, a third of the stellar catalog is made up of stars with Eff Temp 6000-8000K. I changed the sentence to indicate that all the HZ small planets around A-F stars are low reliability, because there are a few in the catalog. 
 
NOT DOING 3) Sec 7.5.1, equation 9: very minor nit - there is now a nominal solar
effective temperature from IAU Resolution 2015 B2: Teff = 5772K (see
Prsa et al 2016; see justification and discussion in
http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2016AJ....152...41P,
https://www.iau.org/administration/resolutions/general_assemblies/IAU2015_English.pdf).
Minor, but one of the motivations was for Kepler eclipsing binaries(!)
when system parameters were being so well defined that the assumed
solar parameters mattered at several significant figures (although not
the case here where uncertainties are typically of order ~10% or more).

-- I'm ignoring this. It doesn't seem like it really needs to be noted. 
 
DONE 4) Sec 8.2, par. 1: italicize "vespa"?



DONE 5) Rubble in section A.3.7.1 Change the threshold from 0.5 to 0.75

6) Add Megan Shabram??

7)  Put out request for ORC-Ids
--------
Referee's list

Almost Done1)
Data/software Editor Comments:
Per the new AAS software policy, http://journals.aas.org/policy/software.html, the authors should modify their AASTeX v6.1 manuscript to highlight the code they used (both cited and unmentioned in the current text) with the new \software command, e.g.

\software{George (Ambikasaran et al. 2014), Kepler Pipeline (Jenkins 2017b), Robovetter (https://github.com/nasa/kepler-robovetter), Marshall (https://sourceforge.net/projects/marshall/), Centroid Robovetter (Mullally 2017)}

-- I added this, but I fear it isn't complete. Someone needs to go through and make sure we aren't missing some code. 

REVIEW NEEDED 2) My largest concern is the decision to neglect photometric dilution.
The text notes that undetected dilution means that the reported planet
radii are systematically underestimated. It would be extremely useful
to know which of the targets identified in this work already have such
data. It seems odd to incorporate spectroscopically-derived stellar
parameters when deriving planet radii, but to ignore all
high-resolution imaging follow-up data. The value of the reported
planet candidates (including that of the possible HZ candidates) would
be significantly enhanced by a more complete treatment of this
dilution effect.
-- I added words to the introduction indicating that for occurrence rates reasons, we did not include all the high resolution imaging in this catalog.

-- Response to referee:  
While we agree with the referee that planet radii would be improved if the high resolution imaging were taken into account, we intentionally did not include them in this catalog for two reasons 1) we believe that what is best depends on the science case of the one using the catalog and 2) the catalog of high-resolution imaging has been growing and changing continually over the past few years and was not complete enough to include when we settled on the stellar information for the DR25 catalog.   

The first point is addressed in Section 8.3.  When doing occurrence rates, dilution must be accounted for across the entire sample and unfortunately, most high-resolution imaging is around only the KOIs.  We added this point to the introduction as well to enhance awareness of this issue. While those who are trying to find the best candidates will want to adjust for this dilution, it is not clear that those working on occurrence rates will want to do this without being able to apply it across the set of searched stars in a consistent manner (i.e. to the same depth and angular resolution). And since this catalog was made with occurrence rates in mind, we have chosen not to include the dilution results. 

For the second point, we have delivered an internally consistent set of products all based on the same stellar information. The stellar information in the TCE table (Twicken et al 2016) is the same as this catalog and all its associated products. This work was delivered to the project in 2015. Only a limited number of high resolution imaging results were available at that time and has grown considerably over the last two years.  So even if we had included them, the catalog would still be incomplete and out-of-date. And the resulting catalog would also be inconsistent.

Finally the paper is largely a vetting paper (selecting the best signals from the search) which also provides transit fits. Including the results of these high-resolution imaging studies merits its own paper and we highly anticipate that the very active imaging community will do so. We will happily support any efforts along those lines if we can.  


DONE 3) Sec. 1, Introduction:
The authors note that "exoplanets with ... radii <= 1.2 R_Earth are
only found around the brightest, most photometrically quiet stars." In
or near this paragraph, the authors might clarify that this discussion
mainly applies to approximately Sun-like stars (and not so much to
smaller, cooler dwarfs).

-- Note added to the introduction to this affect.

DONE 4) Sec. 1.2:
When introducing the list of acronyms, it would be useful to add
relevant section numbers to more of the terms defined (as is done for,
e.g., the Data Validation entry).

--Thank you for this suggestion. We added them where appropriate.

5) Sec. 2.2:
The authors should define the term "Rogue TCE," whose meaning I was
not able to infer from the discussion in this subsection.

6) General plotting issue: many of the plots included with the manuscript
have no ticks on the top or right-hand-side of the axes. I strongly
encourage the authors to add tick marks on all four sides of their
plots, in order to allow the reader to more easily estimate the values
of particular features.


7) Sec. 2.4:
The authors write that "supplemental DV fits would only change a few
of the Robovetter decisions." They must specify which of these
decisions would be changed.

A few lines below, the authors state that only a "minimal improvement"
would result from re-running the analyses described here. They must
justify the claim that the improvement would be only minimal.

8) Sec. 4.2:
The phrase "... mimic the observed not transit-like FPs ..." is
awkward and must be re-worded for clarity.

9) Sec. 5.1 and later:
Here and at multiple subsequent points in the text, the authors switch
from describing "effectiveness" to its complement, "ineffectiveness."
To make the discussion more clear throughout, I recommend that the
authors rework the text to describe their work in terms of
effectiveness (e.g., "maximizes effectiveness" rather than "minimizes
ineffectiveness," Fig. 8, and other instances).

10) Sec. 6.2:
The authors write that KOIs "with significant overlap are considered
federated," but they must also state what level of overlap is deemed
significant (and why).

11) The phrasing "the banned TCEs is..." is awkward (if not gramatically incorrect) and must be reworded for clarity.

Section 7:

12) Figure 8: It would be useful to know how many objects are in each of
these bins. Either a smaller number below the percentage values, or a
plot similar to Fig. 7 (but for MES vs. Period) would help convey this
information.

Figure 8: the caption quotes the reliability and completeness for FGK
stars; the authors should also note the effectiveness for those stars.

13) Sec. 7.3.1 and Figures 10-11: The figure shows that at long periods, large
planets are the least complete while small planets are the least
reliable. The text states that "Robovetter more often fails the
largest planets," but the text should be reworded to make it clear
whether this means that Robovetter returns the wrong answer, or always
returns 'False Positive,' or always misses these types of injected
signals, or ... something else.

There have also been a number of observational papers attempting to
measure Kepler's False Positive rate for large planets; it would be
useful to know whether the challenges described here in this
manuscript bear any relation to the measured FP rate.

14) Figure 10: the color bar for panel (a) overlaps the X axis labels.

15) Sec. 7.3.3:
The text "they are the difficult" is likely a typo and must be fixed.


16) Appendix:
I applaud the authors for releasing the algorithmic code for some of
their RoboVetter metrics. I encourage them to not stop halfway, but to
make the code of all algorithms described here freely available for
future use.

17) A.3.3:
"We describe a individual transit" contains a typo that should be fixed.